Let me show you the code.
Here is that interview trap about How the Default Partitioner Works I mentioned.
Here's the equivalent Java implementation.
Here's a PartitionKeyDemo class in java that handles data serialization Now you will never fall for it.
Here's a PartitionKeyDemo class in java that handles data serialization.
The PartitionKeyDemo method is where the action happens.
First, we import the org.apache.kafka.clients.producer.* module.
Now we define the main method that takes String[].
Here we call class.getName() to process our data.
At this point, we insert the key-value pair into our map.
This is where we iterate through each element.
we log the output to verify it works.